Better `INSTALL.md` after Dune switch. (#14677)
coq/coq: dev/doc/build-system.dune.md

> ## Documentation and testing targets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Testing and documentation targets
```

To match the order they are discussed in this section.

> The recommended way of running the test-suite at the moment is to use
> `make -C test-suite` (this is the only way to get incremental
> test-suite builds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the moment, we recommend using `make -C test-suite` to run the test suite.
This is the only way to get incremental test-suite builds.
```

> Coq's test-suite can also be run with `dune runtest`; given that `dune`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run Coq's test-suite with `dune runtest`; given that `dune`
```
